So let's get started and let's get started by installing some additional dependencies.
Let's just copy dead command here.
Go back to the project and that's quit the process and instead run that NPM install command.
This will install additional packages which we need for the server side rendering to work the packages
we do install are mainly the platform server package provided by the angular framework and then some
helper utilities we need to write the suicide code which will do to the rendering.
Let's go back to our step by step guide.
Then the first step is to adjust our app module.
Well they're in our service folder.
We have the browser module.
And we should now call with server transition on that module.
Pass a javascript object to that and set an app ID here that can be any string of your choice like my
dash app for example.
This will be used by a singular universal to basically correctly transition from the server side to
decline side and with transition I mean things like continuing deep into state.
You got it from the server.
So if for example on the server you already fetched some recipes from a database then you of course
want to continue with that state on the client and therefore it does make sure that we keep that state
and that the transition is done correctly.
Okay so that's the first step.
We call with server transition.
Now we need to create a new module a new energy module for the service side because Stehr we start the
app a bit differently than we do on the client side.
You can copy that code you find here and I will walk you through it step by step.
So let's copy it and let's create a new module next to the app module here.
I will create the app dot server dot module dot TS file and paste in that code we just copied.
Now what do we find in this file.
We do import the server module from any angular platform server and we add that to imports.
This is a crucial module which is required by angular or universal Q rendering your angular app on the
server you can also see that we import the base app module which we also use on the client too.
We imported from our EP module file and we added two imports.
Last but not least we have that module map loader module here which has a very complex name but does
just one important thing.
It ensures that our lazy loaded routes also work on the server.
And with that our module here is finished.
Now we just need to make sure that we also have an entry file for our suicide code a main dot TS file
for the server and therefore named main server doctoress lets add it next to our client side maned or
TS failure.
Lets add main dot server dot TS and then there we just have to do one thing we'll export something we'll
export our app server module which we of course find in the app folder and there in the app server module
file.
This allows us to point at this file and then indirectly automatically point at that file.
And that is all we need to do.
We just need to pass on that reference to the apps or Remodulin so to say with that we're done regarding
our modules set up in the next videos we'll tweak our typescript compilation configuration because we
need to compile typescript code a bit differently for it to run on the server and then we'll actually
set up that simple node.
J.S. server which will do that pre rendering and already see that in action.
So let's continue.